Rewrite scope (#102)
ietf-wg-cellar/flac-specification: flac.md

# Scope

> FLAC stands for Free Lossless Audio Compressor: it is designed to reduce the amount of computer storage space needed to store digital audio signals (i.e. compression), without needing to remove information in doing so (i.e. lossless). FLAC is free in the sense that its specification is open, its reference implementation is open-source and it is not encumbered by any known patent.

Reviewer: Is FLAC not Free Lossless Audio **Codec**?

Author: Huh, I don't know how I ended up writing this down. Good catch.

```suggestion
FLAC stands for Free Lossless Audio Codec: it is designed to reduce the amount of computer storage space needed to store digital audio signals without needing to remove information in doing so (i.e. lossless). FLAC is free in the sense that its specification is open, its reference implementation is open-source and it is not encumbered by any known patent.
```

FLAC stands for Free Lossless Audio Compressor: it is designed to reduce the amount of computer storage space needed to store digital audio signals (i.e. compression), without needing to remove information in doing so (i.e. lossless). FLAC is free in the sense that its specification is open, its reference implementation is open-source and it is not encumbered by any known patent.

FLAC is able to achieve lossless compression because samples in audio signals tend to be highly correlated with their close neighbors. In contrast with general purpose compressors, which often use dictionaries, do run-length coding or exploit long-term repetition, FLAC removes redundancy solely in the very short term, looking back at most 32 samples.

> The FLAC format is suited for pulse-code modulated (PCM) audio with 1 to 8 channels, sample rates from 1 to 1048576 Hertz and bit depths between 4 and 32 bits. Most tools for reading and writing the FLAC format have been optimized for CD-audio, which is PCM audio with 2 channels, a sample rate of 44.1kHz and a bit depth of 16 bits.

Reviewer: A nit: I would suggest so write `44.1 kHz` (with a space) rather than `44.1kHz`.
